It’s wonderful they’ve got away. I don’t mind this at all now 
they are away. It is sort of the way I said it. It is really very much 
that way. Look how different it would be if they were all scattered 
out across that hill where that grey horse is. Or if we were all 
cooped up here waiting for it. No. They’re gone. They’re away. 
Now if the attack were only a success. What do you want? Every- 
thing. I want everything and I will take whatever I get. If this 
attack is no good another one will be. I never noticed when the 
planes came back. God , that was luc\y 1 could ma\e her go. 
Fd like to tell grandfather about this one. I’ll bet he never had 
to go over and find his people and do a show like this. How do 
you know? He may have done fifty. No, he said. Be accurate. 
Nobody did any fifty like this one. Nobody did five. Nobody did 
one maybe not just like this. Sure. They must have. 
I wish they would come now, he said. I wish they would come 
right now because the leg is starting to hurt now. It must be the 
swelling. 
We were going awfully good when that thing hit us, he 
thought. But it was only luck it didn’t come while I was under 
the bridge .When a thing is wrong something’s bound to happen. 
You were bitched when they gave Golz those orders. That was 
what you knew and it was probably that which Pilar felt. But 
later on we will have these things much better organized. We 
ought to have portable short-wave transmitters. Yes, there's a lot 
of things we ought to have , I ought to carry a spare leg, too. 
He grinned at that sweatily because the leg, where the big 
nerve had been bruised by the fall, was hurting badly now. Oh, 
let them come, he said. I don’t want to do that business that my 
father did. I will do it all right but I’d much prefer not to have to. 
I’m against that. Don’t think about that. Don’t think at all. I 
wish the bastards would come, he said. I wish so very much they’d 
come. 
His leg was hurting very badly now. The pain had started sud- 
denly with the swelling after he had moved and he said, Maybe 
111 just do it now. I guess I’m not awfully good at pain. Listen, if 
I do that now you wouldn’t misunderstand, would you? Who are 
you talking to? Nobody, he said. Grandfather, I guess. No. No- 
body. Oh bloody it, I wish that they would come. 
Listen, I may have to do that because if I pass out or anything 
like that I am no good at all and if they bring me to they will ask 
me a lot of questions and do things and all and that is no good. 
It’s much best not to have them do those things. So why wouldn’t 
it be all right to just do it now and then the whole thing would be 
over with? Because, oh, listen, yes, listen, let them come now . 
You’re not so good at this, Jordan, he said. Not so good at this. 
And who is so good at this? I don’t know and I don’t really care 
right now. But you are not. That’s right. You’re not at all. Oh 
not at all, at all. 1 think it would be all right to do it now 3 Don’t 
you? 
No, it isn’t. Because there is something vou can do vet. A a long 
as you know what it is you have to do it. As long as you remember 
what it is you have to wait for that. Come on. Let them come . Let 
them come. Let them come! 
